Aware_Kits/Lab2_WaterYourPlant/readme.md, before:

# Scenario 2: Water Your Plant

## Description

Learn how to start processing sensor data collected from your device using Azure Functions.

This scenario is divided into the following steps:

1. [Set up a notification system](Alarm_system/readme.md)

1. [Set up an automated irrigation system](Automated_irrigation/readme.md)

1. [Integrate weather prediction using Azure Maps](Weather_prediction/readme.md)

## Learning Outcomes

[Overview of all learning outcomes - **should be revisited after finishing documentation for this scenario**]

- Creating rules in Azure IoT Central
- Interface with Azure IoT Central using REST API  

- Learn how to use Azure Functions
    - Deploy an Azure Function
    - Using Events Hub and Stream Analytics to stream data into Azure Function App
    - Write script to process soil moisture data
    

## Key areas to teach

## Azure Services Integration

### **Azure Services Integration**

![AzureServiceS2](Alarm_system/media/AzureServices_Scenario2.png)

--------------

Commit message:

Updating Learning outcomes, hardware setup

Aware_Kits/Lab2_WaterYourPlant/readme.md, after:

# Scenario 2: Water Your Plant

## Description

Learn how to start processing sensor data collected from your device using Azure Functions.

This scenario is divided into the following labs:

1. [Set up a notification system](Alarm_system/readme.md)

1. [Set up an automated irrigation system](Automated_irrigation/readme.md)

1. [Integrate weather prediction using Azure Maps](Weather_prediction/readme.md)

## Learning Outcomes

- Learn to integrate Azure IoT Central with other services using
    - Rules and actions.
    - REST APIs.

- Learn how to use Azure Functions

    - Use Events Hub and Stream Analytics to stream data into an Azure Function Application.
    - Deploy your own Azure Function.
    
- Understand how one can start analysing environment data to obtain actionable insights.


## Key areas to teach

App (IoT Central and Power Apps), Real-time data pipeline (Events Hub and Stream Analytics) + Azure Functions.

## Azure Services Integration

### Automated Irrigation System

![AzureServiceS2](Alarm_system/media/AzureServices_Scenario2.png)

--------------
